let's talk a little bit about who is my
ex-wife how you might know her how you
might have encountered her through her
shenanigans here on YouTube in the last
few years and this is linked to the
ongoing controversy about psyccritiques
and SOI curtis's alter-ego the YouTube
channel called Chantal Robin a
controversy that is boiling away
partly seen and partly unseen here on
YouTube because Socrates managed to get
two of my videos deleted by manipulating
YouTube's censorship system and let's
just say if my videos not even
criticizing Socrates if my videos
reflecting on the history my interaction
with her if that is deleted and censored
from YouTube then nobody has the freedom
to criticize anybody on YouTube those
videos I mean Socrates is a public
figure she has her own YouTube channel
she has different websites where she
promotes herself as an author and by the
way to Fred she's written several books
as well as writing blog posts as well as
doing articles most of articles are
about video games but nevertheless she's
someone who's been an author and a
content creator and so on and it should
be a fair game for someone to use
quotations of hers and you know to take
a screenshot for Instagram page or of
her blog where she uploads articles and
say okay here's my criticism here so I
just go through and guys I've really
encouraged my critics here on on YouTube
there have been some obsessive and crazy
and evil critics who've really denounced
me on this platform but I really think
it's important to recognize the role of
legitimate criticism legitimate
differences of opinion I'll always
remember there was one guy he was a
really fat guy he was vegan but he was
really overweight who got so angry at me
because of what I said about spaying and
neutering cats oh there are some vegans
and they spent their whole lives
adopting stray animals and you know
spaying and neutering these
animals and he'll basically you know I'm
very critical of pet ownership pet
ownership is a form of exploitation of
animals he and I are different kinds of
vegans and that guy made such a series
of videos angrily denouncing me and
defending his moral superiority because
he spends all his time taking in stray
cats off the street and you know
chopping their balls off spays and
neuters these animals to turn them into
a human toy um there have been people
who had really deep really deeply felt
intense disagreements to me on YouTube
and there was a time when I would say
proudly hey that's good that's what
YouTube is all about let's not defame
each other let's not cross the line
let's not say anything that's gonna ruin
the other person's life make it
impossible for them to get a job or you
know ruin their marriage or ruin their
custody case with their ex-wife or
something let's have some level of
decorum but nevertheless sure
disagreements about you know political
views and the ethics and politics of
veganism great that's what this platform
should be all about so it's really
bizarre that now in 2020
soy Cortese has demonstrated that
YouTube will not allow or or put it this
way the rules that govern good behavior
on YouTube can be abused by bad actors
like Socrates to suppress even the most
benign use of freedom of speech is
basically my point about Socrates was to
look back at what I actually wrote on my
own blog and say look she's been lying
about what these articles are on my blog
there's nothing really scandalous about
them there's nothing really shocking
about them you know let's look back and
see what this controversy where it came
from okay
my ex-wife in case you didn't know
carried on a campaign to attempt to
defame and denounce me that involved her
making lengthy private phone calls to
durianrider
and supposedly providing durianrider
with with dirt with rumor or gossip or
innuendo against me that during Ryder
was then going to use against me to
destroy my
they see on YouTube long phone
conversations with Charles Marlow who
used to be known on YouTube as vegan
cheetah she had long phone conversations
with Joe vegan so that guys forgot now
he's have a really big YouTube channel
that was primarily satire and just to
pause on that one
all of these I've confirmed but Joe
vegan he had his own code of ethics he
got in touch with me and said that he
wanted to confirm whether or not this
woman contacting him really was my
ex-wife and we did confirm it we
verified that it was really her and as
soon as he verified it was her he said
forget it
he's not gonna have her appear on his
channel he's not gonna talk to her
anymore he's not gonna use any
information from one because he felt
that was immoral he was interesting and
the reason why he wanted to confirm with
me was he thought if it were a scam
artist if it were a fake person if it
were someone in person in him ex-wife
then he would invite the scam artist to
appear on his channel he'd exposed this
person for pretending to be interesting
interesting little moment in the history
of vegan YouTube there uh she got in
touch with and had a long phone
conversation with the YouTube channel
called vegan revolution so his first
name is Josh he uses the name Josh
openly now um again with the purpose of
somehow defaming mere Blackie McGuirk so
this is a remarkable career my ex-wife
has had here on YouTube over many years
and she did cooperate with and
collaborate with Chantelle Robin
Chantelle Robin is not a real person's
name it's a YouTube channel name and
Chantelle Robin is Socrates so you may
not have noticed in at least two videos
on Chantelle Robin's channel at least
two because I haven't seen all the
videos she has a photograph of my
ex-wife include his video and in case
you don't know anyone who's used a
photograph of my ex-wife various YouTube
channels have including like Charles
Marlow because he's right there she will
complain she'll file a privacy violation
complaints
no no you can't use a picture of me
again this is sort of abusing the rules
within YouTube hate to tell you
something guys if you put a picture of
yourself on you know public social media
whether it's Instagram or Twitter then a
YouTube channel has the right to report
that but hey so my ex-wife's picture
appears on Chantal Robbins Channel and
in case you have any doubt that Chantal
Robyn and Socrates are indeed the same
person apart from the fact that the
Chantal Robin channel contains my nude
details of my past conversations with
soy parties back in the days of my blog
vegan mind tricks before they'd show
apart from the obsessive interest in
things that only Saugerties interested
in the voices match many of the videos
on the Chantal Robin channel include the
voice of soy parties isn't instantly
recognizable and you could confirm but
going and listening to one of soy Tisa's
own YouTube videos or she did live
streaming live streaming while playing
video games switch and this kind of
thing it's very easy to confirm that yes
the Chantal Robin channel is created by
Socrates that's her voice okay now my
ex-wife is not a good liar
she's remarkably bad at lying to and
manipulating people she certainly has a
long history of trying to lie to me yet
maybe to no avail she's just not good at
it and these conversations she had with
these other youtubers I mean you could
tell when durianrider tried to make
propaganda out of what my ex-wife had
told him apparently the only coherent
information you got out of it was this
belief that my parents are
multimillionaires that I personally or
my family are unbelievably wealthy and
he kind of natter Don incoherently about
that Josh
YouTube channel vegan revolution he was
trying to get any kind of psychological
dirt he could on me some proof that I'm
a terrible person
yeah who wants to even debate whether or
not I'm terrible person and the only
thing he could get at em ex-wife was the
claim that I would make faces in the
mirror to see what my expressions well I
mean if that were true what kind of
terrible person makes expression in the
mirror I thought about this later
because I mean like Josh when he
interviewed me try to let corn business
you know your ex-wife says you sometimes
make faces in the mirror to see what
your expressions look like what a
terrible person you are Oh
the only thing I can think of here is
that this is my ex-wife wondering
actually this is related to having a
beard you know if you have a beard or
short stubble like this you've got to
look in the mirror and kind of make
faces for where you're where you're
trimming around the edges of the beard
it's about I should think about but any
case this sort of allegation like what
would it mean who would it matter if it
were true so even though she had this
defamation campaign against me I've got
to say I think the impact all her
efforts have had has been absolutely
nothing compared to the spontaneous
defamation of you know sincere but crazy
people in the internet such as that guy
who was so offended by my comments about
you know adopting spring stray cats my
comments about castrating you know
animals people like that I think did
have an impact on how how the public
perceives me how other youtubers believe
me how the vegan movement perceived me
somebody like unnatural vegan denouncing
me and lying about me Lorelei's
somewhere I think that did have an
impact I don't really think my ex-wife's
hate campaign against me had much of an
impact but we know this is not a
complete list of all the youtubers she
got in touch with to try to bad-mouth me
so durianrider Charles Moreau go Charles
Marlow aka vegan cheetah Joe vegan
Chantal Robin aka soy Cortese vegan
revolution in cage Josh if you guys
remember there were a couple others that
came forward there was one who
had a youtube name something like vegan
heavy metal fan I think was heavy metal
vegan and she actually quit YouTube
because she was so freaked out by her
interaction with my ex-wife
she like quit Twitter and quit you to
just like look forget it I'm out this is
crazy
and indeed it's it's kind of crazy so
what has happened since then in terms of
my divorce my situation my ex-wife we
went through a period when we had a
court guideline I'm gonna say guideline
because if I use any other word it
suggests like a negotiated settlement
that's not what this was my ex-wife
first got paperwork issued against me
that treated me as if I were missing and
presumed dead hilarious story in itself
and then I had to employ lawyers and
fight that paperwork to prove no I'm not
dead I never was
missing without a trace there never was
any reason to think I was dead or
missing I was in contact with my ex-wife
by email during this whole time she
filed misleading paperwork which the
courts recognize in brief it says in in
this is in French of course but in
English it says there was something not
entirely proper about the paperwork
concerning whether or not this man
whether or not I was invited to attend
the court proceedings
I wasn't those court proceedings were
concealed from me so without my having a
lawyer present or without my being able
to fly in and represent myself or appear
in person at these quarters there was a
hearing carried out in my absence and
then there was paperwork issue that
treated me as if I were dead or missing
without a trace so then I had to employ
lawyers to challenge that and prove that
I'm alive and that I ought to have the
rights of a parent and so on that was a
guest a kind of a Pyrrhic victory
because that resulted in a guideline
being handed down from the court that
was fitted to my schedule when I taught
as a university professor in
China so they said okay they're gonna
set up the schedule was unbelievably
expensive that would allow me to fly
back and forth and see my daughter for
just a couple of weeks a year so out of
that guideline I got to see my daughter
four times in two years you know spread
out basically every six months and there
was nothing in that paperwork indicating
when it would elapse or when it would
end and my ex-wife refused to negotiate
it or modify it anyway like you know you
can imagine it might be very significant
say look can we shift this so that it's
one week earlier like it begins one week
earlier it ends one week early no she
wouldn't accept anything like that so I
had to visit on precisely the dates that
the court have recommended that were
based on the Chinese university school
year so when I returned to Canada it was
impossible for me to continue my studies
at the University of Victoria if I
wanted to see my daughter so it was in a
heartbreaking situation was like well I
can't enroll in classes I can't continue
with my degree in university unless I'm
willing to throw away the meager a few
weeks a year in which I get to see my
daughter and I decided at that time okay
my priority is seeing my daughter even
if it's in these insane circumstances
now the particular lawyers I had didn't
help I'm not gonna digress it the
complaints here about the lawyers I
employed I've employed Canadian lawyers
and have employed lawyers in France and
they didn't help it's interesting to
imagine a parallel universe in which I
had lawyers who were more shrewd or more
abled or had better advise me or what
have you but based on the information I
had including talking to lawyers it
seemed like the only thing I could do
was try to keep myself available to
visit my daughter on this schedule that
have been handed down this guideline and
again it's a court guideline from the
hearing where I was challenging the
earlier paperwork that treated me as if
I were dead or missing without a trace
saying no I'm alive
I should be able to have some voice in
this so it's it's not again it's not
even like a separation agreement it's
not like a divorce agreement it's
nothing and unknown to me that paperwork
then elapsed and then we were back to
square one
in the French legal system basically all
paperwork collapses after a period of
time sometimes it's 12 months or 14
months sometimes it's 3 months but
currently after that after that people
collapse and including today my ex-wife
and I we are legally speaking
we are not divorced we are not separated
we don't have any separation agreement
on paper in theory I'm entitled to 50%
custody of my daughter because we simply
have the legal status of being married
it's as if we've never been separated
all we've never been divorced at all
because after that paperwork elapsed we
were back to step 1 and since that time
my ex-wife and her lawyers have adopted
the strategy if it can be called the
strategy of zero communication zero
cooperation and allowing zero progress
so in plain English my ex-wife is
refusing to divorce me she is refusing
to cooperate in getting a divorce
now when you say cooperate all that
really means is like being able to
receive like being willing to receive
paperwork when I issue paperwork to her
so we tried to give her paperwork for
the divorce and she refused to receive
it if people do that then you know you
have to hire a private investigator as a
process server to force her to take the
paper orally okay so you're gonna refuse
to receive an envelope you know with
documents in it legal this I mean that's
the best delaying tactic but it's also
kind of dishonest and manipulative and
it's it's refusing to get divorced why
do you want to still be legally married
to me she has already you know become
pregnant with and given birth to another
child you know she's already raising
another child in many obvious ways she's
moved on with her life but she's
refusing to allow me to move on with my
life legally she's refusing allow this
to proceed
it's very very strange that she has lied
to her own family so her own father who
made a bizarre public statement here on
YouTube and in terms of what the
paperwork says the paperwork I have in
French court system it seems that she
has lied to the courts in pretending
that she was offering me a divorce
settlement and that she was offering to
pay me a generous settlement that she
was going to reimburse me financially
for wrongdoings in the past so that is
stated in the paperwork from the judge
that I have had to pay a lot of money to
get a legal illegal translation from
French into English and the judge in
that earlier guideline seemed to presume
that because of this goodwill from
ex-wife that we would be divorced in no
time that within just a couple of months
this would all be wrapped up because my
ex-wife had made this goodwill gesture
that is completely untrue that's never
happened none of my lawyers so I've
employed a series of lawyers now none of
them have ever received an offer from
axe wife neither with nor without this
kind of financial settlement being
offered she has never been willing to
divorce me on the contrary she has
refused to divorce me and that's the
current situation so another in terms of
refusing to comply with paperwork in the
French system it presumes that I have
paperwork such as the leave lady Femi
the the family book and if you don't
have this it's very difficult for me to
file divorce papers now it would be easy
if she filed for the divorce then we can
proceed from there but if she refuses to
file for the divorce I'm not a French
citizen she is I'm supposed to have
paperwork that I would that she refuses
to give me that I would be unable to
legally compel from her so she can in
effect make it impossible for me to
divorce her just by her refusing to file
divorce papers and then her refusing to
comply when my lawyers contact her and
say hey look we need the livre de
famille
we need this paperwork so we can file
for divorce and we can move ahead with
this so it's completely bizarre but in
the French system especially if one
person is a French citizen and the other
is not she can refuse to divorce me and
basically halt the proceedings forever
so I'm talking to new lawyers now we're
gonna try to make progress it is what it
is
but whether you can call it a legal
strategy or not my ex-wife now is
refusing to communicate refusing to
cooperate refusing to get divorced and
it's very strange that she lied to her
own father
her own father came here on YouTube and
he said the exact opposite he said that
the situation was that I was refusing to
divorce her when she was off in divorce
that's not that's not true at all okay
so that's the reality of who my ex-wife
is and look we have this saying in
English judgy not lest ye be judged
let's say the obvious here for a minute
judgy lest he not be judged what kind of
person collaborates with Chantal Robin
in those bizarre YouTube videos to
defame me why did my ex-wife give
Chantal Robin a photograph of herself
weeping there's no other way Chantal
Robin could have had that photograph or
even known what Mac's wife looked like
to put in videos that are meant to
defame and demoralize me why what kind
of person is that
what kind of person from her position my
ex-wife is not even vegan
she hasn't been vegan since she split up
with me okay
what kind of person gets in touch with
Doreen Reiner when I've got a court case
with during writer when during writer I
made threats of violence against me
there was this whole controversy I'm in
court in Thailand with durianrider
and she gets in touch with durianrider
to denounce me to him to encourage him
to say more stuff I have to hurt my
feelings to denounce defaming on YouTube
what kind of person when she phoned
Charles Marlow vegan cheetah he was
confused at first he was like who is
this and then he said with surprise he
said there were oh so this is isil's
ex-wife
and she screamed at him angle angrily
she showed it at him angrily that she's
not my ex-wife that she's still my
current wife that she's my wife today
this is truly bizarre and disturbing
behavior now spread out its now
continued for several years and you know
the ultimate victim here is just my
daughter it means that my daughter sees
so much less of me as she's growing up
than she otherwise would the ultimate
cost is that instead of spending my time
and money and effort making my
daughter's childhood better the time and
money and effort is going into lawyers
and guys I do not even want to estimate
how much money this has wasted if you've
been watching my youtube channel for a
long time a couple years ago you know my
father died I received a tiny amount of
money when my father died that's partly
because my father was not a
multi-millionaire and it's partly
because my father had nine kids and he
gave money to all nine of his kids and
all of the grandchildren so I forget I
forgot a many grandchildren so you can
imagine even if you're just giving like
$20,000 to each grandkid and maybe
$40,000 to each kid or something you
know it's a lot of money in total but
it's spread out so I inherited a tiny
amount of money when my father died that
money disappeared so quickly when I was
paying for airplane tickets back and
forth between China and France to try to
spend time with my daughter under that
that agreement starting agreement under
that court guideline that only lasted
for four visits and then once I got to
France I had to spend a fortune because
again my ex-wife who refused to
cooperate in any way whatsoever I had to
fly in to Paris Airport take a train
from Paris to another city get my
daughter or take another train all the
way down to the south coast of France
take the train back again and back again
there was a fortune not just spent on
airplane tickets on train tickets there
was a fortune spent on lawyers and this
fortune is being burned through so that
I can see my daughter for like a total
of three weeks per year it's like three
weeks plus a couple days it'd be like a
two-week vacation at one point what it's
pitiable it's a waste of everyone's time
it's ultimately just depriving my
daughter of her own childhood
it's depriving me employee to my
daughter and it makes no sense my
ex-wife has moved on she's with another
man she has another baby she has another
child why would she want to remain
legally married to me and why would she
want to waste her time trying to drag my
name to the mud on YouTube the only
thing I can say is good news her efforts
never worked